DOC: why reformatting PRs will be rejected (#17626)
numpy/numpy: doc/source/dev/index.rst

     changed behavior in docstrings, keeping to the NumPy docstring
     :ref:`standard<howto-document>`.

>   * NumPy is a project with a lot of technical debt. While we apprectiate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * NumPy is a project with a lot of technical debt. While we appreciate
```

    efforts to refactor and clean up code, please DO NOT submit a pull request

>     whose entire purpose is to convert formatting to f-strings, or reformat

Reviewer: Perhaps worth fitting the word `stylistic` in here somewhere. We might also want to mention this paragraph in the section that describes coding style too.
```suggestion
    whose entire purpose is stylistic, such as converting formatting to f-strings, or reformating
```
